docs: Improve doc on how to do GitOps with WorkflowTemplates (#11919)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/workflow-templates.md

### GitOps via Argo CD

`WorkflowTemplate` resources can be managed with GitOps by using [Argo CD](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd).

> Store the `WorkflowTemplates` in a directory in a git repository, which you then monitor as a new application in Argo CD.
> When changes are made to the `WorkflowTemplates`, Argo CD will automatically update their definitions such that they become available in the Argo Workflows UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For example, you can store `WorkflowTemplates` in a `git` repository that is tracked by an `Application` in Argo CD.
Argo CD can then sync any changes to the repository to your cluster.
```

- use [simpler and more direct language](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-simple-and-direct-language) and [active voice](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-active-voice), per k8s style guide.
  - "directory" does not need to be specified
  - "new application" is not strictly necessary
  - "automatically update their definitions such that" is very verbose, simplified

- consistently [use UpperCamelCase](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects) for API objects like `Application`, per k8s style guide
- also use terminology that is consistent with Argo CD's docs, such as "tracked" and "synced"

- the UI is separate and has its own section below, so should not be mentioned here. the UI merely reads from the cluster as well.
- "automatically" actually depends on if you have autosync turned on; we can just remove the word automatically
